I'm actually not afraid of trouble.
I'm mainly afraid of my stepmother.
If our identity is not exposed,
She couldn't see us even when she found the company.
What's going on is a lot of trouble. That's fine too.
Okay, then I will sacrifice my life to marry my wife.
I have wronged myself and will be the president’s secretary for a few more days.
Li Jiaojiao, don’t think you won today.
I am the president’s wife. Why don't you go and marry a secretary.
Can you please stop classifying people into three, six or nine grades?
Wait until I get married and get additional benefits.
There are days when luxury cars are used when traveling
Then I hope you want to try it
Don't know how threatening I am
The appearance of the house should not be shabby
People live too far away
Can you go to Lanyou Bay near the company?
You better eat more
As long as I buy you a house in such a good location
The vice president wants to entertain his wife
I specially bought him this house and let me act in it
Don't tell him to make a fortune